hi friends today let's make a luck
of social experiment in the lay we have
here a friend of the industrial theo de san
Miguel the day with him we are going to travel
to the university that they are
doing is very far up in the
mountain is like having to walk
this is the university of the Andes here
they have everything that you expanded during
long years but it does not matter I
I will strive to fit
and between this university and you're the best
student you like the challenges
I told you that university is far away
as well
but never fucking utility by a
Academic valech scholarship is good according to the
score of your serves in different
races to see as a discount and
well the wanda scholarship is where the how
it's a university degree
paper
it is very good that you can contribute to
a development that is before a group like
you and the water
permanently several times a week
computing and well you know that
I'm sorry it's this university you earn a
of the scholarships you can have all these
computers for you are mine not not
I used to come if you like politics
I like it a lot here we go
to know what he is suffering and several
rooms where in general every candidate
have to always with attitude a little
more right
also like that
you like the structure so
is the most sensual thing is a bikini
commercial but
all the tricks to be a great leader
politician
texas very big so always the side
mine and where I see you
this is the yard where young people are
they know they become friends even some
romances then the idea that he had to
start classes starts to meet
see how you mix, you're free
up friends
hello dog has deposited his son
I have an idea to fit the
nation
yes
do not